feat: New flag to filter results by status in all supported validations (#593)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: docs/examples.md

data-validation validate row -sc my_bq_conn -tc my_bq_conn -tbls bigquery-public-data.new_york_citibike.citibike_stations --primary-keys station_id --hash '*'
````

> #### Run a row hash validation for all rows but filters to get only the failed records 

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
#### Run a row hash validation for all rows but filter only the failed records 
```
